# decisions
* By making use of mixins there could be multiple AL5D robot models be supported. For example 5D and 6D. This way its easy to swap the communication method serial, console, lambda, ros, name it.
* <code>al5d_cpp::SerialTrait<al5d_cpp::AL5DBase></code> was chosen over <code>al5d_cpp::AL5DBase<al5d_cpp::SerialTrait></code> because the AL5DBase constructor should know nothing about serial variables.
* A big benefit in terms of testing of traits is that you can just extend your testable class instead of the production class. This way you can easilly add in test functionality while keeping your code lean
* Move to pulse width is no longer supported because if that is what you want, you dont need this library, you can simply get away with a single function and a serial library. It simplifies things massively for this project. Because pwm and degrees are two very different things. degrees is dependend on the pwm
* yaml-cpp returned strange values when using non standard data types like uint16_t.
* Plain old data types are always const& if possible in case their underlaying type will be changed in the future for example for data validation.
* Base types don't extend config types because they hold different things. Config types hold config types and base types hold other base types
* There is no default duration as default value for the method because separate this in a overloading method allows for the possibility to leave the time command away
* Traits dienen als modulaire blokken die aan uit gezet kunnen worden maar ze dienen vooral voor overzicht in de code en zorgen dat klassen niet te groot worden en ze zorgen ervoor dat bepaalde functionaliteit slechts van enkele methoden gebruik kan maken om de inheritance tax (coupling die ontstaat bij inheritance) zo klein mogelijk te houden.
* De ssc32u commands worden soms in brokken verstuurd. Het kan dus zijn dat de move_duration apart wordt verstuurd van de pulsewidth en de board channel. Dit is zodat de interface flexibeler kon worden gedefinieerd en de joint zijn eigen verantwoordelijkheid om het commando te versturen kon dragen.
* different encapsulation levels have different naming postfixes so that it becomes possible to abstract some behavior in private functions that will be called by multiple public functions. The benefit of this is exactly that of the DRY principle. Also I find it personally much more readable. And it is easier to spot incorrections in encapsulation levels.
* Decided is to separate the state machine from the al5d library because its implementation will by default be abstract enough to support a variety of other robot arms. Therefore having it in this library will result in duplicate code on reuse.
* The initialize pose and finalize pose are robot dependend and should therefore not be in the statemachine. Instead they are now configurable in the al5d_config.json and make up part of the library
* In the statemachine is decided to use a default value because otherwise the move progress could not be checked. It is not implemented in the base because it would not allow you anymore to send commands without a time duration.
